and then people who speak here are the bear and
Welcome to 19 games
This time it would be showing to you.
How to set up the microphone well and go
to be a short video lesson is very simple
Even then it's good to stop and let's go.
there are basically two ways of
you get to where you set up
the first one is more complex than I can
to start by clicking the panel menu
control is here to control us
on top you click on the little
click on all the items you go in
Sound opens this window
in separate sound recording talking and
77 is another way to get there is to click
right button on the sound icon and
recording devices notice that it will
open a window
here we have the microphone setup
This accident has been wondering with the
difference of two microphones I go
show you
is in projects and realize that the pan is
front panel is from the front slot but
connecting to the front of the computer is
this one you connect input
later that would bring the computer
This is this microphone.
there are two
This is the way this is here.
logical connector and well this difference of
your microphones and connect through the
computer is this one if you connect
in front of the computer is that other
so to configure what you do
you and neither properties
here we have is a basic information
They will change it here to headset that is is
You have to listen to it here,
you enable this box you go
listen to your device when you
speak for example speak hello will be the same as in
sound box was also mentioned in the
microphone will be sound box it was kind of
listening
there is what is recording a loudspeaker
only this does not floor them
this will be the power configuration
if you want the device as
tino and working has with those who do not
want to here would be the microphone volume
and leave normally and will have a box
underneath called sensitivity in my not
I do not know why I would prefer
microphone sensitivity or the
capacity to wave
more sensitivity but let's see capita
or you will start to close
too high to start swollen and only
it will get very annoying
To tell you the truth, I think this is the
word that best fits well had
advanced we will have is the default format in
audio that would be the quality with which it
will be recorded or stored is the board
always leaving last or is the
maximum microphone or r
764 where you are using the last
we have service allows applications
control your device in certain
Sometimes I do not know how to set an example.
this is a meeting where I
set as default ie if by
example that two microphones are connected
in the rear entrance and the entrance is
France
this is going to define which of them should be
used if the connected 23 is well
That's it
If you liked the video, click the
button like that gave me the strength
favorite scenes i do all that
boring process that you already know're
switched on
I just went